TimerApp - A Menu Bar Timer for macOS
Overview
TimerApp is a lightweight macOS application that resides in the menu bar, allowing users to set and manage multiple timers. It features predefined timer durations, a custom timer option, and audio alerts. The app displays the shortest active timer's countdown in the menu bar and supports pausing, resuming, and canceling timers.
Features

Menu Bar Integration: Manage timers directly from the status bar.
Dynamic Timer Display: Shows the shortest active timer's countdown in yellow (#FCC419) with a custom font.
Predefined Timers: Options for 1, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 45 minutes, and 1 hour.
Custom Timer: Set custom durations via a dialog (hours and minutes).
Multiple Timers: Run multiple timers simultaneously with pause/resume and cancel options.
Audio Alert: Plays alert.mp3 when a timer completes.
Icon Fallback: Uses a timer emoji (⏳) if icon64.png fails to load.

Requirements

macOS
Python 3.x
PyObjC (pip install pyobjc)
PyInstaller (pip install pyinstaller)

Installation

Clone the repository:git clone https://github.com/haon2409/menu-timers.git
cd menu-timers


Install dependencies:pip install pyobjc pyinstaller


Build the app:chmod +x build_timers.sh
./build_timers.sh


Find the built app (TimerApp.app) in the dist folder.

File Structure

timers.py: Core application logic.
TimerApp.spec: PyInstaller configuration for building the app.
build_timers.sh: Script to automate the build process.
Info.plist: macOS app bundle configuration.
alert.mp3: Sound file for timer completion.
icon64.png: Menu bar icon.

Usage

Open dist/TimerApp.app or build the app using the script.
Click the menu bar icon to access the timer menu.
Select a predefined timer (e.g., "5 min") or choose "+" to set a custom timer.
Active timers display in the menu with pause/resume (⏸️/▶️) and cancel (❌) options.
The menu bar shows the shortest timer's countdown or the app icon if no timers are active.
An alert sound (alert.mp3) plays when a timer finishes.

Notes

The app uses a hardcoded path for alert.mp3 and icon64.png relative to the script's location.
To enable the commented-out DSEG7Classic-Regular font in timers.py, ensure it is installed on the system.

Troubleshooting

Icon not displaying: Verify icon64.png is in the project directory.
Sound not playing: Ensure alert.mp3 is present and accessible.
Build issues: Confirm PyObjC and PyInstaller are installed correctly.
Custom timer dialog errors: Input valid numbers for hours and minutes.

License
MIT License. See LICENSE for details.